Update README.md with more Viridian details (#245)
hazelcast/hazelcast-jdbc: README.md

jdbc:hazelcast://host[:port][,host[:port]...]/[?property1=value1[&property2=value2]...]
```

To connect to a Viridian Serverless cluster, use:
```
jdbc:hazelcast://<cluster-name>/?discoveryToken=<yourDiscoveryToken>&cloudUrl=https://api.viridian.hazelcast.com&sslEnabled=true`
```
Note: Viridian Serverless clusters require [additional client configuration for TLS](https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-jdbc#hazelcast-cloud-configuration).

To connect to the legacy Cloud service, use:
```

> jdbc:hazelcast://cluster-id/discoveryToken=value[&property1=value1[&property2=value2]...]

Author: It is closer to cluster id indeed, and has a `pr-` prefix. I updated all details correspondingly.

For connecting to the Hazelcast cloud you only need to specify `discoveryToken` property and use the `cluster-name` as a host in
the URL: `jdbc:hazelcast://<cluster-name>/?discoveryToken=<yourDiscoveryToken>`.

> If you're connecting to [Hazelcast Viridian](https://viridian.hazelcast.com/), also specify `cloudUrl=https://api.viridian.hazelcast.com` and `sslEnabled=true`: `jdbc:hazelcast://<cluster-name>/?discoveryToken=<yourDiscoveryToken>&cloudUrl=https://api.viridian.hazelcast.com&sslEnabled=true`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're connecting to a [Viridian Serverless cluster](https://viridian.hazelcast.com/), also specify `cloudUrl=https://api.viridian.hazelcast.com` and `sslEnabled=true`: `jdbc:hazelcast://<cluster-name>/?discoveryToken=<yourDiscoveryToken>&cloudUrl=https://api.viridian.hazelcast.com&sslEnabled=true`. 
```

> If you're connecting to a [Viridian Serverless cluster](https://viridian.hazelcast.com/), also specify `cloudUrl=https://api.viridian.hazelcast.com` and `sslEnabled=true`: `jdbc:hazelcast://<cluster-name>/?discoveryToken=<yourDiscoveryToken>&cloudUrl=https://api.viridian.hazelcast.com&sslEnabled=true`. 

Reviewer 2: Would be better to refer to the URL above.

> TLS is mandatory for Viridian cluster connections so pass TLS properties such as truststore, keystore etc along to `DriverManager.getConnection()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TLS is mandatory for Viridian Serverless cluster connections so pass TLS properties such as truststore, keystore etc along to `DriverManager.getConnection()`.
```

> TLS is mandatory for Viridian Serverless cluster connections so pass TLS properties such as truststore, keystore etc along to `DriverManager.getConnection()`.

Reviewer 2: I find it confusing that we use SSL and TLS interchangeably. For example, "You should use TLS, therefore specify `sslEnabled`".

```suggestion
SSL is mandatory for Viridian Serverless cluster connections so add SSL properties such as `trustStore`, `keyStore` etc. in the URL.
```

Author: I think we do not support SSL now at all, so TLS is a better name. The query parameter actually seems to be a misnomer which should be renamed to `tlsEnabled`.
